# packages in environment at C:\Users\Mitko\miniconda3\envs\final:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
brotli                    1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hcfcfb64_5    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             h56e8100_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.0           py312h0d7def4_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.49.0          py312he70551f_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hdaf720e_2    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h5728263_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.80.0               h39d0aa6_0    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.80.0               h0a98069_0    conda-forge
greenlet                  3.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
gst-plugins-base          1.22.9               h001b923_0    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.22.9               hb4038d2_0    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h63175ca_0    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2024.0.0         h57928b3_49841    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5           py312h0d7def4_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               heb0366b_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 h67d730c_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h63175ca_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0              21_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0              21_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_hde6756a_4    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_h85b4d89_4    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.19                 hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.2                h63175ca_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h8ffe710_5    conda-forge
libglib                   2.80.0               h39d0aa6_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.9.3           default_haede6df_1009    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hcfcfb64_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hcfcfb64_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0              21_win64_mkl    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.4                h8ffe710_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h19919ed_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.2               hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.6.0                h6e2ebb7_2    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h0e60522_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.2                hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.12.5               hc3477c8_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hcfcfb64_5    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libgfortran     5.3.0                         6    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs            5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gcc-libs-core       5.3.0                         7    conda-forge
m2w64-gmp                 6.1.0                         2    conda-forge
m2w64-libwinpthread-git   5.0.0.4634.697f757               2    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.3           py312h2e8e312_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.8.3           py312h26ecaf7_0    conda-forge
mkl                       2024.0.0         h66d3029_49657    conda-forge
msys2-conda-epoch         20160418                      1    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py312h8753938_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.2                h3d672ee_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.1                hcfcfb64_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.1           py312h2ab9e98_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.43                h17e33f8_0    conda-forge
pillow                    10.2.0          py312he768995_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hcd874cb_1001    conda-forge
pthreads-win32            2.9.1                hfa6e2cd_3    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.9          py312he09f080_5    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.12.2         py312h53d5487_5    conda-forge
python                    3.12.2          h2628c8c_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    4_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.8              h9e85ed6_19    conda-forge
setuptools                69.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.12          py312h53d5487_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.28                   pypi_0    pypi
tbb                       2021.11.0            h91493d7_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13               h5226925_1    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4             py312he70551f_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
ucrt                      10.0.22621.0         h57928b3_0    conda-forge
vc                        14.3                hcf57466_18    conda-forge
vc14_runtime              14.38.33130         h82b7239_18    conda-forge
vs2015_runtime            14.38.33130         hcb4865c_18    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                hcd874cb_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h8d14728_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                h12be248_0    conda-forge
